Welcome to my Complete Guide on Angular. It's so great to have you on board. In this course, you're going to
learn what Angular is and how you can use it to build awesome front-end web applications with it; very
reactive web applications with great user experiences. For that, throughout this course number 3 for testing
you're going to learn all the individual building blocks which make up Angular before we then also dive
into the more advanced features.
And we're going to build a project throughout the course putting all these things you learn in theory (kind
of) and which you practice from the course into the perspective of a real project, so that you can see
how you would apply them there
and that you can see how you build up real web applications with the things you learn here.
So with that, I'd say let's dive into it and let's dive into the most important question first.
What is Angular?